My people
No matter who it is, don't forget
Good morning Mr. Zhang
There is something I want to make clear to you.
What's the matter with me?
It is the respect of subordinates to their superiors
It really doesn't mean anything else.
Did you endure
I have other thoughts about you as a married person
Hey, Mr. Fan, don't laugh at me
I'm quite self-aware.
I'm just telling you this.
I am afraid that the people around you will misunderstand.
I won't be able to work well in the future
Thought, you know?
Your name made my mother
I can't have anything for you
What on earth did my name do to him?
Is Siqiang feeling better?
I took a nap.
So refreshed.
Much better.
Posing as a married woman in front of me
Talking and laughing with other men
Drive your car yes
station manager
We went door to door today to visit the villagers
That's a lot of information.
Sister, your face is dirty like a monkey
Your hands are much dirtier than my face